GH-56426: Add cross-reference to the documentation for faulthandler, traceback, and pdb. (#101157)
python/cpython: Doc/library/faulthandler.rst

   Dump the tracebacks of all threads into *file*. If *all_threads* is
   ``False``, dump only the current thread.

>    See also :func:`traceback.print_tb` which can be used to print a traceback object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. seealso:: :func:`traceback.print_tb`, which can be used to print a traceback object.
```

Using the standard directive is appropriate and conventional here, too. Also, add a missing comma.

      File "<stdin>", line 1 in <module>
    Segmentation fault

.. seealso::

   Module :mod:`pdb`
      Interactive source code debugger for Python programs.

   Module :mod:`traceback`

>      Standard interface to extract, format and print stack traces of Python programs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Standard interface to extract, format and print stack traces of Python programs.
```

Minor nit, but no reason not to be consistent with spacing, both viz. the above line and the general Python docs convention here.
